chore: Add e2e test docs (#172)
kyma-project/template-operator: docs/README.md

This folder contains documents that relate to the project.

> In this document, provide the list of all documents that this folder contains, together with links to those documents and short information on what they describe.

> - [E2E test configuration](e2e-test.md) - describe how to config the template operator to fulfill certain e2e test scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Enhanced Deployment Configuration Template for End-to-End Testing](e2e-test.md) - describes how to configure the template operator to fulfill certain e2e test scenarios.
```
